Elizabeth woke up to a wave of panic thrown over her. Her legs felt stiff yet shaky, and heat pooled in her nether regions. It was that time of the year for her. Shit! She got up and was so shaky that she almost fell over right away. Okay, no need to panic , she thought, I just need to breathe, and relax. Hopefully no one notices… She quickly got dressed into the pink and navy blue uniform and calmed herself before heading downstairs. Meliodas was already cleaning up in the kitchen, Hawk was eating scraps from the other day, and Diane was talking to King outside. The thing that helped hide it, was the fact that none of them were human. If they were, then they would be able to smell what was wrong right away. Meliodas might be able to tell, what with him and King being Alpha’s, but they were different species, so the scent wouldn’t catch on. Meliodas looked over to her and smiled, “Morning princess~” Hawk looked up, “Morning Elizabeth!” She walked over, her legs slowly starting to calm, “Good morning. Are we headed towards the next town soon?” Diane looked to her through the window, “No. Ban woke up early this morning and insisted that we stay away from town for a good week or two. No idea what’s up with him…” King shrugged as he laid back on Chastiefol, “He’s weird, let’s leave it at that.” Hawk looked closely to Elizabeth, “Hey… you doing okay? You seem a little… off… Are you wearing perfume or somethin’?” She stiffened. Shit, could Hawk smell it?! He was an animal, so he could probably smell it off of all species. She shook her head and looked away to avoid his eyes as she lied. “N-nope! Must be something else…” Meliodas hummed as he walked over and planted his face into her chest, getting a good whiff of her scent. “Hmm, either way, you still smell delicious~” Elizabeth's breath caught at the touch. This was most definitely not helping with her situation! Hawk rammed into Meliodas, throwing him into one of the tables. “You pervert! Lay off her, will ya?!” Ban trudged down the stairs with a grumble. “Damn… keep it down, will ya master? I’m barely getting out of this same as it is…” King floated in confused. “What is it? You can’t be sick or anything; you’re immortal.” Ban grumbled as he slumped onto the table. “Cap’n, you can cook for us. I honestly don’t give a fuck on how bad it tastes…” Meliodas smiled at this while Hawk, King, and Diane, glared to the undead Sin. “You jerk!” Meliodas walked over and hit Ban on the back in a friendly manner, “Seriously though, you okay? You’re acting funny.” Ban groaned for a moment when Elizabeth moved to lean against the bar. He glared up to the silverette and yelled to her accusingly. “Goddammit-! I get it already! Can you stop smellin’ like that already?!” The sins looked to him bewildered, whereas Elizabeth’s eyes slowly widened in realisation. Ah yes, she had forgotten. While Ban was an immortal, he was also human. He could smell her all too well, especially with being a male alpha. SHe squeaked and waved her hands apologetically. “I-i-i-i'm sorry, Sir Ban! I can’t help it!” Diane looked to her confused, “I’m sorry; what are you apologizing for? What did you do wrong here?” Elizabeth gulped and scratched her cheek nervously. “I, um.. I was hoping to hide it well enough, as none of you can smell it due to not being human, but… I forgot that Sir Ban was immortal and still a human alpha…” Ban grumbled and looked to the other Sins. “She’s in heat, and while the smell ain’t bad, it’s drownin’ my nose here.” Hawk huffed, “So that’s what I smelled. Why didn’t you just say so?” Ban shook his head, “It’s painful as hell for girls, master.” Diane nodded glumly, “Yeah, whether or not human, us girls hate it. Alpha girls and Beta girls get monthly periods, but we Omegas don’t get them, so we get heats to make up for the pain of it. While people think they make us horny, and they do, they’re more painful…” Elizabeth nodded, “Mine are especially bad. I can’t make them feel better, obviously, so…” King looked to Diane, “Wait, you can feel better from it?” Diane nodded, “That’s why we’re supposedly ‘horny’. The more pleasure we receive, the less pain we feel.” Meliodas smiles cheekily, “Well if that’s it then-” Diane grabbed him and threw him away from the tavern, “Forget it, pervert!” Elizabeth grumbled as she hugged her knees atop the bed. Ban had advised them to stay away from towns, because human alpha’s could easily smell her from afar, and wouldn’t think twice about coming her way. While they all knew they could protect her, it would just be easier this way until her heat is down. She groaned and fell onto her back. She had to stay up here for now, due to her pain starting, and she hated it. She was bored, alright?! Hawk said he would stay away from her, because her smell was getting stronger, and was starting to clog his senses. Thankfully, ban had already claimed Kings sister, Elaine, so they didn’t have to worry on him going berserk due to her scent. Infact, while other human alpha’s would have gone crazy over her scent, Ban seemed to hate it, all because it was everyone he smelled. When making breakfast, he had thought Meliodas had for once cooked it right due to him not being able to smell the strong burn of the insides. King and Diane had headed off to the town to get the food and supplies they needed, and Ban and Hawk had gone with them, to get away from the heat smell. That left her alone. In the tavern. With Meliodas. “Elizabeth.” She looked towards the door to find said blonde leaning against it, a cheeky smile on his face as her looked to her skirt. “Love the view.” Se squeaked and sat up, holding her skirt down in embarrassment. “Did you need anything? Before they left, Diane said I should make sure you have all the food you need. She said to tell you she’s get lots of chocolate.” Elizabeth's mouth watered happily as she sighed at the thought. “She’s a saint!” Meliodas chuckled and walked to stand beside her, “Anything else you could want? Drink? Blankets?” He leaned in with a wide grin, “A few gropes~?” “Yes please.” Meliodas blinked a few times, “What?” Elizabeth looked up to meet his eyes, her own hazy as she felt her body start to heat up. She couldn’t even control what she was saying anymore, which meant it was kicking in. “The last one… Please…” Meliodas’ eyes widened a fraction before he stood up and shook his head lightly, “Yep, it’s kicked in. Damn that pig, leaving me to such pleasurable torture.” He grabbed the blanket and threw it over her. “Hey-?!” She pulled it off after a second to find him already walking out of the room. “I’ll get you something to eat and drink. Stay here.” She pouted at this. Like he said, it had kicked in, and it had gone full throttle. Like hell was she going to stay there! She got up quietly and snuck her way downstairs, making sure to hide her presence, so that she could sneak up on him. He was standing at the counter, pouring her a drink, when she jumped to hug him from behind. He faltere only slightly before looking to her over his shoulder. He frowned when her arms tightened around his neck. “I thought I told you to stay there?” She pressed herself up against his back, “I didn’t want to wait. I wanted you to stay and lay down with me~” Meliodas ducked out of her hold and walked a few steps backwards from her, is attitude still calm and controlled. “I don’t know if that’s wise. You should go back upstairs to sleep. When Diane comes with the chocolate, I’m sure you’ll feel a lot better.” Elizabeth shook her head as she lunged to him, only for him to dodge. This continued for some time. “No! Ths chocolate helps with the cramping, but even astill, it hurts a lot down there-” She was interrupted when she tripped on one of the chair legs. Meliodas came forward to help catch her, only to find she had done it on purpose, as she fell into him, wrapping her arms around him. “I want you to help me…” Meliodas hugged her to him and sighed, “Elizabeth… For one, everyone will kill me if I do. Well, all except Ban, maybe. Also, when your heat is over, you’re probably going to lock yourself up alone out of embarrassment when you recall everything you're saying.” She shook her head, “No I won’t! An even if i do, then so what? I want you to help me with this; please?” Meliodas hummed as he frowned to the door, and then to the stairs. He looked back to her, only to receive large looking puppy eyes. He sighed, “Fine…” She jumped up happily, “Yay!” He sighed as they walked back to the stairs. “I’m so dead for this…” They entered the room, and Meliodas had her go lay back down onto the bed. Elizabeth all but skipped back before sitting happily. He closed and locked the door before going to close the blinds on the window. “Hopefully, the others won’t be back any time soon. They’re definitely going to notice you feeling better in less than five hours.” She pulled off her tie with a happy smile, “Don’t care~” He walked over beside er and held up a finger sternly, looking her dead in the eyes. “Remember; We’re only doing enough to help with the pain, alright. If you want more, than it’ll have to wait until you ask me when right in the head. Otherwise, it’s me completely taking advantage of you.” Elizabeth nodded frantically and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, “Fine! Now hurry up and-” He immediately swooped down to kiss her, effectively making her go quiet. That is, up until the point when he pushed more, causing her to moan into his mouth. Yep, this is what she wanted. Hawk kicked open the door, “We’re home!” Ban whistled as he walked in. “Cap’n must’a done somethin’. The heat stench is wearin’ off a bit.” King floated in with the large packages of chocolate. “Do you think Diane went a bit overboard with all this? I mean, I get that the princess will be eating a lot, but I don’t think she’d be able to eat all of this.” Ban shrugged, “Who cares? Hand me some though, will ya?” He took a large chunk of the chocolate and ate from it, tossing some to Hawk. the pig munched it happily. “Yummy!” Ban walked up the stairs with a whistle. “He’s probably groping her in her sleep, ain’t he?” King floated beside him as they headed up, letting Hawk munch away at some of the chocolate. When the two came upon their captain and Elizabeth's room however… Ban froze in his steps, eyes blown wide in horror. King stopped and frowned slightly, leaning towards the door to take a sniff. He shook his head lightly. “Dang, you were complaining about it before, but now that I actually smell it; The heat smell really is bad.” Ban groaned and plugged his nose, “The fuckin’ hell man?! That ain’t her heat smell!” He kicked the door open, and tried not to gag at the onslaught of the mating stench. King shook his head and waved his hand. “It is rather strong…” They looked in and froze. Elizabeth was lying, obviously stripped, under a single white sheet. Her hair pooled around her top, and a delicate smile adorned her face. They looked towards the window to see Meliodas sitting on a stool near there, fully clothed with a clothing pin on his nose. He looked over to them with a low grumble. Ban narrowed his eyes suspiciously, “The hell-? What’s with you?” Meliodas huffed and looked towards Elizabeth. “ Someone , decided to start tempting me. She somehow convinced me to follow her orders, and now I can’t smell her at all, or else I may jump her again…” King’s eye twitched, “Captain… I may not be Hawk, but if you took advantage of the princess-” Meliodas shook his head, “Don’t worry, it was the opposite. She took advantage of me .” Elizabeth stirred in her sleep and sat up, holding her sheet to her body to stay covered. “Sir Meliodas…?” Said blonde stiffened at his call and looked away from her, “Y-yeah?” She pouted to him before looking towards Ban and King, and gasping happily. “Yay! Diane bought me the chocolate!” King floated over and gave it to her, “Yeah. umm, Elizabeth? You asked the captain to do that to you, right?” Elizabeth threw a piece of chocolate into her mouth happily before nodding. “Mm-hmm!” She swallowed and pouted to Meliodas again, “Jerk… You said you would-” Meliodas rushed over and covered her mouth, wearing a frantic and tearful smile, “Ha-ha! Let’s not talk anymore, okay Elizabeth?!” She swatt his hand away and pointed to him accusingly, “But I wanted you to-” He rushed forward and pecked her swiftly on the lips before pulling away with a nervous smile. “I will, okay?! After you’re all better, ask me again, and  promise I will!” Ban and King narrowed their eyes to him, “You will what?”